we can treat wounds
to calm the pain and I imagine well
other powers than you alone
discover
yasin gedi a Tunisian was called
the healing orphan it is said that the
strength of a tree or the auction of carpets
of people
there is more money in the crates
so that's your problem
the genetic transmission of his father
overloaded a lip with young people and for
crown it all its meaning is universal
tell me sir victor if that stuff
said true if gala and minor
I would like her to bring me out
you make my business
it's the agent talking to you a lot about
your Tunisian friend
she died dead pink and it's not
fault
it's because of me does not do anything
and you know very well where we sell
potions in the gombe
we arrange but you are his amin a
guy who uses a river human body
important
I want his meaning
a little kelly of envalira bump that makes
always less brutal European on the
concrete of people this is only with your
watches but if suddenly the
hundreds of people are walking around
ground after clear honiara and that's it
keep for him the blood flowing in
his veins
a revolution it must